[PR-19369] Update Shopify & Webhook coupon sync documentation (#297)
talkable/talkable-docs: source/advanced_features/shopify_coupons_auto_sync.rst

Talkable supports coupon auto-sync for Shopify. This feature allows the automation of code creation and management of Shopify Price Rules, rather than manual code creation and upload to the Talkable Platform.

.. note::

>   Shopify coupon auto-sync and :ref:`Coupon Webhook <web_hooks/create_coupon>` can be enabled simultaneously.

Reviewer: Lets add a note that webhook will be delivered only after a successful call to Shopify.

Author: Done, also added a similar explicit note to Create Coupon Webhook page.

Get started
-----------

Before using coupon auto-sync, you’ll need to install the Talkable Shopify app (Settings → Shopify Integration → Authorize).

> To enable coupon auto-sync in a coupon list, go to the coupon list edit/create page (All reports → Coupon lists) and check "Enable Coupon List Shopify Auto Sync".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable coupon auto-sync in a coupon list, go to the coupon list edit/create page (All reports → Coupon lists) and check "Enable Coupon List Shopify Auto-sync".
```

> If this checkbox is disabled (you are unable to check/uncheck), it means that you don't have write rights for this site or Shopify Integration is not authorized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this checkbox is disabled (you are unable to check/uncheck it), it means that your user doesn't have rights for this site or Shopify Integration is not authorized.
```
